README.md, before:

# Microsoft PowerShell Scripting
### Online Tenant Focused TroubleShooting, Management and Testing
![Powershell-1379505758](https://github.com/DravenWB/Microsoft_PowerShell_Scripts/assets/46582061/e94b0d82-69f7-4395-856c-209caa695f9d)

## Purpose
This repository is for the development, collection and re-distribution of PowerShell scripts used to manage and troubleshoot Microsoft Tenants for both commercial and GCC-High.<sup>1</sup>

This is a personal project of mine to assist my peers in resolving common or even unique issues that can be resolved by using PowerShell where otherwise an option may not be available. Or simply, it is more quickly completed by making use of PowerShell as many recursive operations can take extensive amounts of time to complete. Example: Gathering the owners of every SharePoint site collection in the tenant. While this can be done manually and even has a simple command, the manual operation could take a month to complete depending on the tenant size. In addition, the simple command available doesn't provide all owners and instead only provides the primary owner.

## Pull Requests
While I am no stranger to PowerShell or programming, a minor part of this project is to learn how GitHub works as a whole.<sup>2</sup> Thus, I will review Pull Requests as I am able though my activity level is still to be determined.

When a pull request is made, I do expect thorough commenting to include any helpful documentation so that it may be included in the project should it become relevant to those using the repository. 

## Issue Reports
Similar to pull requests, any issues reported should be thoroughly researched and completed with as much detail as possible. This is not only to assist everyone involved in understanding the issue further, but also allow for a rapid resolution of said issue.

#
### Footnotes
<sup>1. At this time. DoD tenants are not officially supported as their environments are often significantly more restricted. In addition, no current DoD test environments are available to me, thus, scripts used within those environments should be used with extreme caution. </Sup>

<sup>2. It should be said that all scripts I write and place in this repository are tested and debugged live. I will not upload a script I do not have full confidence in. Regardless, it is highly recommended that you review a script thoroughly prior to running them to ensure you are fully aware of their functions. </sup>

<sup>3. At this time, I don't support On-Prem PowerShell scripts as I am unfamiliar enough to not be confident in the scripts I write. I may reconsider this in the future though it is unlikely. </sup>

Commit message:

Restructuring to single PowerShell module.

README.md, after:

### Under Active Reconstruction

This repository is currently undergoing a major restructure to convert all scripts into a fully functional PowerShell module. During this period, many scripts may be non-functional, incomplete, or moved into new locations.

If you cloned the repo recently: the pre-module scripts still exist, but expect breakage until the transition and update is complete.

# Microsoft PowerShell Scripting
### Online Tenant Focused TroubleShooting, Management and Testing
![Powershell-1379505758](https://github.com/DravenWB/Microsoft_PowerShell_Scripts/assets/46582061/e94b0d82-69f7-4395-856c-209caa695f9d)

## Purpose
This repository is for the development, collection and re-distribution of PowerShell scripts used to manage and troubleshoot Microsoft Tenants for both commercial and GCC-High.<sup>1</sup>

This is a personal project of mine to assist my peers in resolving common or even unique issues that can be resolved by using PowerShell where otherwise an option may not be available. Or simply, it is more quickly completed by making use of PowerShell as many recursive operations can take extensive amounts of time to complete. Example: Gathering the owners of every SharePoint site collection in the tenant. While this can be done manually and even has a simple command, the manual operation could take a month to complete depending on the tenant size. In addition, the simple command available doesn't provide all owners and instead only provides the primary owner.

## Pull Requests
While I am no stranger to PowerShell or programming, a minor part of this project is to learn how GitHub works as a whole.<sup>2</sup> Thus, I will review Pull Requests as I am able though my activity level is still to be determined.

When a pull request is made, I do expect thorough commenting to include any helpful documentation so that it may be included in the project should it become relevant to those using the repository. 

## Issue Reports
Similar to pull requests, any issues reported should be thoroughly researched and completed with as much detail as possible. This is not only to assist everyone involved in understanding the issue further, but also allow for a rapid resolution of said issue.

#
### Footnotes
<sup>1. At this time. DoD tenants are not officially supported as their environments are often significantly more restricted. In addition, no current DoD test environments are available to me, thus, scripts used within those environments should be used with extreme caution. </Sup>

<sup>2. It should be said that all scripts I write and place in this repository are tested and debugged live. I will not upload a script I do not have full confidence in. Regardless, it is highly recommended that you review a script thoroughly prior to running them to ensure you are fully aware of their functions. </sup>

<sup>3. At this time, I don't support On-Prem PowerShell scripts as I am unfamiliar enough to not be confident in the scripts I write. I may reconsider this in the future though it is unlikely. </sup>
